# note-taker

This assignment presented us with the opportunity to demonstrate our proficiency with express.js, utilizing different app commands, local hosting, and pushing our first CLI application to Heroku.  We were already provided with starter files of HTML, CSS, JSON, and some JavaScript.  We needed to run Node and install packages so that we could create an app that allows the user the ability to write notes.  In addition to writing notes, the user also needs the ability to save notes and delete them.  

This assignment is similar to our last homework assignment, where we created an work team generator.  However with this application, we took it a few steps further.  Here we used new commands available to us only by installing express and utilized three out of the four operations in the CRUD acronym.  When a user writes a new note, the app.get function is called.  When a user saves a note, the app.post function is called.  Finally, when a user trashes a note, the app.delete function is called.  This interface allows the user to experience a simple and seamless application when note taking.

It is extremely important for such applications to exist, especailly in today's world.  As more and more people find themselves working from home, the line between personal and professional tasks can get blurry.  This can cause employees to fumble even a simple task or forget to do it completely.  Having an easily accessible and easy to user note taker is an undervalued, yet essential tool for any professional.  There are of course many different options out there for users, but most of their foundations are quite similar to the application here.  Heroku allows us to host the app for all to use instead of hosting it locally ourselves.